make template more amenable to completion (#256)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/propose-an-analysis.md

<!--Hi there! Please take a moment to fill out the template below.-->

#### What are the scientific goals of the analysis?

#### What methods do you plan to use to accomplish the scientific goals?

#### What input data are required for this analysis?

> #### When do you expect to complete the analysis? Will it be a multi-step analysis?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How long do you expect is needed to complete the analysis? Will it be a multi-step analysis?
```
(in case people propose analyses but are not the ones who will perform them)? That being said, should we have a question about whether the submitted will be the one performing this analysis?

Author: 👍 added this question
